Adds a cmake option for forcing a termux build (#1608)
FEX-Emu/FEX: CMakeLists.txt

option(ENABLE_LIBCXX "Enables LLVM libc++" FALSE)
option(ENABLE_INTERPRETER "Enables FEX's Interpreter" FALSE)
option(ENABLE_CCACHE "Enables ccache for compile caching" TRUE)

> option(ENABLE_TERMUX_BUILD "Forces termux building when cross-compiling" FALSE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(ENABLE_TERMUX_BUILD "Forces building for Termux on a non-Termux build machine" FALSE)
```
Sounds a bit clearer than "termux building" and more specific than "when cross-compiling".

Author: Resolved.
